hi again and welcome to my kitchen is this is whatocook
we are going to do coconut dumplings now
like I said in my other video that I
have a whole bunch of coconuts
my husband got for me check them out in the background there I have a whole bunch still remain
and for this next video now I am doing every thing one time coconut oil, coconut dumplings at the same time
when I was done those videos I was exhausted. So the other video today
its coconut dumplings
with fresh coconut - grated coconut and fresh coconut milk
So let's get to it!
I have a cup and a half or probably a cup and almost 3/4 of coconut milk
and the grated coconut itself
I am going use this to make the coconut dumplings.
I might not use all but I will try because I want the coconut dumpling to really have that flavor
of the coconut itself. So most likely  I will use all to blend the dough together.
Okay I am going to start my recipe - Coconut Dumplings with a cup and half of flour
I'm not making much
a pinch of salt and
and I  am going to add the ..... fresh coconut milk with the grated coconut inside of here I will add it gradually
Actually what I am going to do I am going to take out the husk
grated coconut part of it
and then add the liquid because I want to get all the grated coconut inside of here
settle down to the bottom
I did this recipe I did this today because I wanted to do another recipe about making coconut oil
so I said while I said while I am in this process I can make coconut dumplings the same time.  Why not?
So I am going to knead this in.  Make a dough.
So we using basically coconut milk to form our dumplings.
I like coconut dumplings.  I like to taste ...  I like coconut on the whole
I like to taste the crunchiness of the grated coconut
in my dumplings I just love that.  I don't do this often
because you know the amount of calories that we will get with a dish like this
I need to add a little more flour because it is a little too sticky
Okay my dough is basically ready what I will do now put a pot of water on the fire, let that boil, come to a boil
and then I will make my dumplings and put them in the boiling water
before go further I'm doing this recipe
because I was making some coconut oil
basically doing everything from scratch. Now if you don't have the fresh coconut
that takes time so the easy way is you can buy some coconut husk
already pre packed in the store buy a tin of coconut milk and you could make this coconut dumpling
within minutes you're done it's much
easier.
I just did the long way because like I said I was doing the coconut oil.
I know there was something I forgot to mention
the amount of grated coconut that I had in the cup here is basically
a cup of it of the coconut milk and the grated coconut and as you see I did not use all of it
because of the amount of flour that I had to use.
Okay I am back.  The water is on the fire right now boiling .. getting ready to boil
So I am going to make my dumplings
into like little balls and then ....  excuse my hands
from the in front of the camera
I think I need to knead a little more flour into this
So basically what I do first I make them into little balls
it still a little sticky I will add extra flour
put the piece of dough in the palm of my hand and kind of like make them in to round balls like that
make it easier
and kinda like make then into a ball I use my finger tips to kinda knead them into a ball
and then for the final thing just roll the dough in my hand. It does not have to be perfect.
I will just keep on doing this with the rest of the dough
Okay so when I am done making the balls
I will take each ball
and then I will then put the ball in the palm of my hand
and just kind of flatten it out like  .....  again it does not have to be perfect
You should get something like that
And when the water comes to a boil, I am going to put in in the boiling water
I don't really put them in the water before the water comes to a boil
because what happens is they basically drop to the bottom of the pot
and they will all stick together.  My aunt taught me that told me that years ago
Auntie Winnie, she use to live Morvant, she is not deceased
I have never forgotten that tip.  So let me finish up these
put them in the pot then you will see how it looks
coconut dumplings boiling!!!
coconut dumplings served with some saltfish
Oh gosh all ya this will taste soo good!!!  I am going and have lunch now
its now 3.35pm